
1. Diffrent of Var, Let and Constant

If you want a general rule: always declare variables with const.
var variables can be re-declared and updated
If you think the value of the variable can change, use let.
The let keyword was introduced in ES6 (2015).
Variables defined with let cannot be Redeclared.
Variables defined with let must be Declared before use.
Variables defined with let have Block Scope.
Before ES6 (2015), JavaScript had only Global Scope and Function Scope.
ES6 introduced two important new JavaScript keywords: let and const
These two keywords provide Block Scope in JavaScript.
Variables declared inside a { } block cannot be accessed from outside the block.








3. Map(), forEach(), filter(), find(). what's the difference between.


map()

map() creates a new array from calling a function for every array element.
map() calls a function once for each element in an array.
map() does not execute the function for empty elements.
map() does not change the original array.


forEach()

The forEach() method calls a function for each element in an array.
The forEach() method is not executed for empty elements.


filter()

The filter() method creates a new array filled with elements that pass a test provided by a function.
The filter() method does not execute the function for empty elements.
The filter() method does not change the original array.



find()

The find() method returns the value of the first element that passes a test.
The find() method executes a function for each array element.
The find() method returns undefined if no elements are found.
The find() method does not execute the function for empty elements.
The find() method does not change the original array.






4. Why we use Template String

Template literals (Template strings)

Template literals are literals delimited with backtick (`) characters, allowing for multi-line strings, for string interpolation with embedded expressions, and for special constructs called tagged templates.
Template literals are enclosed by backtick (`) characters instead of double or single quotes.

Multi-line strings
String interpolation
Nesting templates
Tagged templates
Raw strings